Add declarativeNetRequest (DNR) + MV3 examples (#526)
mdn/webextensions-examples: dnr-dynamic-with-options/README.md

Host permissions:

```json
["*://example.com/"]
```

DNR rules:

```json
[
  {
    "id": 1,
    "priority": 1,
    "condition": {
      "urlFilter": "|https://example.com/",
      "resourceTypes": [
        "main_frame"
      ]
    },
    "action": {
      "type": "block"
    }
  }
]
```

Manual test case: Visit https://example.com/ and verify that it was blocked.

# What it shows

How to have an extension with zero install-time permission warnings, and only
request (host) permissions dynamically as needed:

- declares the "declarativeNetRequestWithHostAccess" permission, which
  unlocks the declarativeNetRequest API without install-time warning.
  In contrast, the "declarativeNetRequest" permission has the same effect,
  but has the "Block content on any page" permission warning.
- declares the most permissive match pattern in `optional_host_permissions`.
- calls `permissions.request` to request host permissions.
- uses `permissions.getAll` and `permissions.remove` to reset permissions.

How to retrieve and dynamically register declarativeNetRequest rules:

- `declarativeNetRequest.getDynamicRules` and
  `declarativeNetRequest.updateDynamicRules` to manage DNR rules that persist

>   across extension restarts. When loaded non-temporarily, these rules also

Author: Permanently is not a term, that is the normal case. When loaded at `about:debugging` or with `web-ext run`, an extension is loaded temporarily. I rephrased so that the default case is obvious, with the temporary/unloaded state as the exception:

```suggestion
  across extension restarts. These rules also persist across browser restarts,
  unless the extension is loaded temporarily or unloaded.
```

- `declarativeNetRequest.getDynamicRules` and
  `declarativeNetRequest.updateDynamicRules` to manage DNR rules that persist
  across extension restarts. When loaded non-temporarily, these rules also
  persist across browser restarts.
- `declarativeNetRequest.getSessionRules` and
  `declarativeNetRequest.updateSessionRules` to manage DNR rules that are
  session-scoped, i.e. cleared upon extension unload or browser quits.

## Note on `optional_host_permissions` and `optional_permissions`
Firefox does not support `optional_host_permissions` permissions yet, but still
supports host permissions in `optional_permissions`
(https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1766026).

Chrome recognizes `optional_host_permissions` but does not support host
permissions in `optional_permissions`.

To support both, manifest.json contains both `optional_host_permissions` and
`optional_host_permissions`.

## Comparison with Manifest Version 2

While this example uses `"manifest_version": 3`, the functionality is not
specific to Manifest Version 3.

To create a MV2 version of the extension, modify `manifest.json` as follows:

- Set `manifest_version` to 2.

> - Use `optional_permissions` instead of `optional_host_permissions` to list

Author: The explanation is meant to be generic, as an extra form of documentation to explain the necessary migration steps. I've added an extra sentence to clarify that this specific example already has both.
